Apply glossary builder to replace vocabulary table (#1037)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/intro/glossary.rst

Glossary
--------

ASReview LAB makes use of standardized terminology for all communication
regarding ASReview LAB and its underlying technology.

.. glossary::

  Active learning model

>     Active learning model is used to indicate how to select the next
>     :term:`record` to be reviewed by the :term:`user`. The model consists of
>     several elements: a feature extraction technique, a classifier, a balance
>     and a query strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Active learning model is used to indicate the combination of four 
    elements: a feature extraction technique, a classifier, a balance
    and a query strategy.
```

Reviewer: I think the original first sentence refers only the query strategy.

  ASReview
    ASReview stands for *Active learning for Systematic Reviews* or
    *AI-assisted Systematic Reviews*, depending on context. Avoid this
    explanation, only use as tagline.

  ASReview CLI
    ASReview CLI is the command line interface that is developed for advanced
    options or for running simulation studies.

  ASReview LAB

>     ASReview LAB is the graphical user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ASReview LAB is the graphical user interface of the open-source research software 
    to explore the future of AI in systematic reviews.
```

  ASReview project
    ASReview project is an encompassing term for all work that is done by the

>     ASReview team members and ASReview :term:`contributors<contributor>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [ASReview team members](https://asreview.nl/about) and ASReview :term:`contributors<contributor>`.
```

  Contributor
    Contributor is anyone who contributes to the :term:`ASReview project`
    through GitHub.

  Data
    Data includes :term:`dataset`, prior knowledge, labels, and
    :term:`notes<note>`.

  Dataset
    Dataset is the collection of :term:`records<record>` that the :term:`user`
    :term:`imports<import>` and :term:`exports<export>`.

  ELAS
    ELAS stands for "Electronic Learning Assistant". It is the name of
    :term:`ASReview` mascot. It is used for storytelling and to increase
    explainability.

  Export
    Export is the action of exporting a :term:`dataset` or a :term:`project`
    from :term:`ASReview LAB`.

  Extension
    Extension is the additional element to the :term:`ASReview LAB`, such as

>     the ASReview visualisation extension, or the ASReview CORD-19 extension.

Reviewer: Do we want a link to the documentation about extensions?

Author: Added a link to the visualization. Maybe not for CORD-19 as it is deprecated.
